Candiate words:
aal,  aals,  aas,  aba, 
abas,  abase,  abba,  abbas, 
abbe,  abbes,  able,  ables, 
ala,  alae,  alas,  alb, 
alba,  albas,  albs,  ale, 
ales,  all,  alls,  als, 
asea,  baa,  baal,  baals, 
baas,  baba,  babas,  babe, 
babel,  babes,  bal,  balas, 
bale,  bales,  ball,  balls, 
bals,  balsa,  bas,  basal, 
base,  baseball,  bel,  bell, 
bells,  bels,  blab,  blabs, 
blae,  blase,  bleb,  blebs, 
ebb,  ebbs,  ell,  ells, 
els,  lab,  label,  labs, 
las,  lase,  lea,  leal, 
leas,  sab,  sabe,  sable, 
sae,  sal,  salal,  sale, 
sall,  sea,  seal,  sel, 
sell,  slab,  

Anagrams of baseball:
albas bel 
abbas ell 
baals bel 
babas ell 
balas bel 
salal ebb 
blabs ale 
blabs lea 
basal bel 
balsa bel 
alas bleb 
albs able 
albs blae 
albs bale 
alls abbe 
alls babe 
aals bleb 
abas bell 
abba ells 
abba sell 
alba bels 
bals able 
bals blae 
bals bale 
baas bell 
baal bels 
baba ells 
baba sell 
slab able 
slab blae 
slab bale 
labs able 
labs blae 
labs bale 
sall abbe 
sall babe 
ball base 
ball sabe 
blab ales 
blab lase 
blab sale 
blab leas 
blab seal 
aal blebs 
all abbes 
all babes 
ala blebs 
alb ables 
alb blase 
alb sable 
alb bales 
aba bells 
als babel 
bas label 
lab ables 
lab blase 
lab sable 
lab bales 
baa bells 
bal ables 
bal blase 
bal sable 
bal bales 
las babel 
sal babel 
sab label 
----baseball----
