Candiate words:
ace,  aced,  acid,  acold, 
acre,  acred,  acrid,  ado, 
adore,  aero,  aid,  aide, 
aider,  ail,  ailed,  air, 
aired,  alcid,  alder,  ale, 
alec,  aloe,  arc,  arced, 
arco,  are,  areic,  arid, 
ariel,  aril,  aroid,  cad, 
cade,  cadi,  cadre,  caid, 
caird,  car,  card,  care, 
cared,  carl,  carle,  carol, 
cedar,  cedi,  ceil,  ceorl, 
ceria,  cero,  ciao,  cider, 
cire,  clad,  claro,  clear, 
clod,  coal,  cod,  coda, 
code,  coder,  coed,  coil, 
coir,  col,  cola,  cold, 
cole,  coled,  cor,  coral, 
cord,  core,  cored,  coria, 
credo,  cried,  dace,  dal, 
dale,  dare,  daric,  deair, 
deal,  dear,  decal,  deco, 
decor,  dei,  deil,  del, 
deli,  dial,  dice,  dicer, 
die,  diel,  diol,  dire, 
dirl,  doc,  doe,  doer, 
dol,  dolce,  dolci,  dole, 
dor,  dore,  drail,  ear, 
earl,  eld,  era,  erica, 
ice,  iced,  idea,  ideal, 
idle,  idler,  idol,  ilea, 
ileac,  irade,  ire,  ired, 
lac,  lace,  laced,  lacer, 
lad,  lade,  lader,  laic, 
laid,  lair,  laird,  lar, 
lard,  lari,  lea,  lead, 
lear,  led,  lei,  liar, 
liard,  lice,  lid,  lidar, 
lido,  lie,  lied,  lier, 
lira,  lire,  load,  loca, 
loci,  lode,  lord,  lore, 
oar,  oared,  oca,  ocrea, 
ode,  odea,  odic,  oil, 
oiled,  oiler,  old,  older, 
oldie,  ole,  olea,  oleic, 
ora,  orad,  oral,  orc, 
orca,  ore,  oread,  oriel, 
orle,  race,  raced,  rad, 
radio,  raid,  rail,  rale, 
read,  real,  rec,  red, 
redia,  redo,  rei,  relic, 
reoil,  ria,  rial,  rice, 
riced,  rid,  ride,  riel, 
rile,  riled,  road,  roc, 
rod,  rode,  roe,  roil, 
role,  

